Aaron Pools was sent out by my warranty company to repair my pool filter and the heater. Alex and Andrew were the technicians who worked on these items, and they did an excellent job. The pool is working great and they were super easy to work with - my schedule was crazy that week, and they handled everything. I especially appreciate their communication. I've worked with a lot of trades since buying this house, and good communication is hard to come by, and both of these guys went above and beyond to keep me informed. The office staff is super friendly and helpful as well. Hopefully, no more pool issues, but should one arise, I look forward to working with them again in the future.
Aaron Pools was sent out by my warranty company to repair my pool filter and the heater.
['Aaron Pools was sent out by my warranty company to repair my pool filter and the heater.', 'Alex and Andrew were the technicians who worked on these items, and they did an excellent job.', 'The pool is working great and they were super easy to work with -', 'my schedule was crazy that week, and they handled everything.', 'I especially appreciate their communication.', "I've worked with a lot of trades since buying this house, and good communication is hard to come by, and both of these guys went above and beyond to keep me informed.", 'The office staff is super friendly and helpful as well.', 'Hopefully, no more pool issues, but should one arise, I look forward to working with them again in the future.']
On first impression, the new location in Wexford was at most a one star. Doubt I'll visit this place again or any of their other locations.

After being seated, it was 15 minutes before we were greeted. We placed our drink and food orders and received the drinks a long 10 minutes later. The waitress apologized and told us the restaurant could only make one latte at a time and there were several drink orders ahead of ours. As happy as I was to finally have a hot drink after freezing in the cold weather, I was instantly let down because the coffees were nearly cold.

The food came shortly after and the waffles were soft, definitely pre-made and had been sitting under a warmer. On a better note, the food still tasted good but the background noise of the waitress continuously apologizing to other customers was a pure indicator that this place was a terrible mess...at least this particular Sunday afternoon.

Won't go back...Totin's down the street is a better choice.
On first impression, the new location in Wexford was at most a one star.
['On first impression, the new location in Wexford was at most a one star.', "Doubt I'll visit this place again or any of their other locations.", 'After being seated, it was 15 minutes before we were greeted.', 'We placed our drink and food orders and received the drinks a long 10 minutes later.', 'The waitress apologized and told us the restaurant could only make one latte at a time and there were several drink orders ahead of ours.', 'As happy as I was to finally have a hot drink after freezing in the cold weather, I was instantly let down because the coffees were nearly cold.', 'The food came shortly after and the waffles were soft, definitely pre-made and had been sitting under a warmer.', 'On a better note, the food still tasted good but the background noise of the waitress continuously apologizing to other customers was a pure indicator that this place was a terrible mess...', 'at least this particular Sunday afternoon.', "Won't go back...", "Totin's down the street is a better choice."]
We have tried this place once. The food is good but could be better. Don't get me wrong, I would still recommend folks to try this place at least once and judge if they like it or not. My opinion is that I have had better South Indian food back in the States. Hence I am taking away 2 stars.
We have tried this place once.
['We have tried this place once.', 'The food is good but could be better.', "Don't get me wrong, I would still recommend folks to try this place at least once and judge if they like it or not.", 'My opinion is that I have had better South Indian food back in the States.', 'Hence I am taking away 2 stars.']
Never again. They cross threaded my axle when I had a wheel bearing hub replaced. Charged me $540 to change it and the part is $97, but they get a discount when buying parts. Hub went bad again in 18 months and that should almost never ever happen on a new hub. Told me warranty is over and it's gonna be $540again. The hub went bad because they crossed threaded the axle nut on with an impact socket. This time I fixed it myself and took me an hour 15 mins and saved myself $440. And yeah, the chubby guy in customer service is rude and sarcastic. Meineke will lose customers because of his sarcasm and wise comments. One day he will be recorded and posted on YouTube.
Never again.
['Never again.', 'They cross threaded my axle when I had a wheel bearing hub replaced.', 'Charged me $540 to change it and the part is $97, but they get a discount when buying parts.', 'Hub went bad again in 18 months and that should almost never ever happen on a new hub.', 'Told me warranty is over', "and it's gonna be $540again.", 'The hub went bad because they crossed threaded the axle nut on with an impact socket.', 'This time I fixed it myself and took me an hour 15 mins and saved myself $440.', 'And yeah, the chubby guy in customer service is rude and sarcastic.', 'Meineke will lose customers because of his sarcasm and wise comments.', 'One day he will be recorded and posted on YouTube.']
Amazing food and quality , taste is so authentic , has a prayer room too .. Wow .. My fav place in Toronto
Amazing food and quality , taste is so authentic , has a prayer room too ..
['Amazing food and quality , taste is so authentic , has a prayer room too ..', 'Wow ..', 'My fav place in Toronto']